Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I turned The breaker off. Ooh!
Kevin,
You scared me.
It's becoming
Your thing.
Well, maybe you
Scare too easily.
What-
What's this?
Oh. Uh, Since you
couldn't Make it to dinner,
I thought i would
Bring dinner to you.
Oh, kevin.
Oh.
Want to start
With dessert?
Oh, i always said
I wanted to try this
When i was a grown-up.
Mm...
you're
Too stressed out.
What?
You're too
Stressed out.
You didn't like that?
No. That's why you
Scare so easily.
You're so stressed.
I have
A stressful job.
You know, maybe
We should get away.
You mean, Like a vacation? Yeah. Yeah.
You deserve a week In
the land Of no keyboards.
I don't know what
I'd do with myself.
Well, i can think of
A couple things.
Oh,
That is something else
I have always wanted to try.
Mm, oh, my husband
Would kill us both.
No. Don't think
Of him.
Oh...
Oh.
Oh... oh...
Muy linda.
Oh, my-
Preciosa.
Oh, my god.
Hermosa.
Oh, god...
Oh, my god.
Oh, god.
Charles luvet was found floating
In a miami marina last night.
Local m. e. Thinks that He was
only in the water About an hour.
Any attempt
To weigh the body down?
Doesn't
Appear to be.
Well, the dumping
Could be convenient,
As a opposed to a means
Of hiding the crime.
Well, he's the third victim Found
in miami over The last 2 months.
Though the locations
Of the bodies are different,
Many of the elements are
The same-all males,
25 to 35, all traveling,
All asphyxiated
With no signs
Of sexual assault.
But tourists Could
be just Simple robbery.
Well, there are some
Personal items missing.
He's targeting Travelers For a reason.
I am so sorry.
Hey,
Half-day today?
The alarm, sir. I
overslept. I'm so sorry.
Everyone's allowed
To be late... once.
It won't
Happen again.
You guys Notice the
red flag On the autopsy report?
Yeah. None Of the hyoid
bones Were fractured.
No visual signs of trauma.
No ligature marks.
Yet the unsub still managed
To asphyxiate grown men.
Maybe a chokehold,
Wouldn't leave
Any signs of trauma.
It would also be a way
Of controlling a male.
A powerful grip from behind
Gives the unsub All the leverage.
None of these victims Look
out-of-shape Or easy to control.
In fact, they all look
Remarkably fit.
J.j.: well, as i said, The recovery
locations Are very different.
Charles luvet was found
In the water.
Daniel brown was Partially
buried in A shallow sand dune.
Paul hayes was stuffed
Into a dumpster.
Prentiss: that's not much Of
an effort to hide Any of them.
They were all found
In high-traffic areas.
J.j.: miami p. d.
Is asking for our help,
Considering There are
currently 4 other men missing
That match
This victimology.
I can dig up What i can on the
victims From their hometowns.
Miami is a mecca
For potential targets,
And anyone traveling Is more
vulnerable Than they normally would be.
Case in point
- Charles luvet, The latest victim,
He was
A vacationing cop.
J.j.: "there are no secrets
Better kept
Than the secrets
That everybody guesses. "
George bernard shaw.
Reid: ugh... agh. Is it always This hot?
Every day, all day.
That's south beach.
That's not what
I'm talking about.
They know.
Fbi.
Yes.
Detective lopez,
Miami p. d.
Oh, um, morgan...
Derek.
Tina.
So, thank you for
Coming down so quickly.
Agent jareau
- J.j. We spoke On the phone.
Yes.
These are agents
Hotchner, prentiss,
Rossi, derek,
And dr. Reid.
Well, i hope there's no test,
'Cause i'm lousy with names.
Agent
Will be fine.
Hey,
Isn't that-
Lopez: detective lamontagne
Just arrived from new orleans
To i. d. The cop they pulled
From the bay last night.
Detective,
It's good to see you.
How are you? Yeah.
Uh, charlie luvet And i
worked Together for 7 years.
We haven't formally
I.d. ed him yet,
But we believe it's him.
Sorry for
Your loss, man.
So, you all
Know each other?
Professionally.
Yeah. The, uh, B.a. u. Helped me
out On a case about a year ago.
But just For the sake of clarity,
I'm not here to investigate.
Charlie was, um, supposed
To be married this august,
So if the guy That floated
up Last night was him,
I guess i have the honor
Of notifying his fiancée,
So she's gonna need
Some answers, closure,
And i'm just here
To get that for her.
Do you know
Why he was here?
He was meeting up
With some college buddies
To compete
In a regatta.
He was a big boat guy.
So, he wasn't
Traveling alone.
Well, he came alone.
He was meeting them here.
We should track These friends
down, see If they saw anything.
And the 2 other victims,
Any potential witnesses?
No. Paul hayes
Was here alone on business.
Daniel brown came down
To windsurf by himself.
So, they were all
Essentially alone.
The unsub watched them
Long enough to know that.
Yeah. He's probably Already
scoping out His next victim,
And i don't have A damn
thing To warn people with,
So come on inside. I got
everything All set up.
How are you?
Lamontagne.
Good to see you.
Lamontagne:
Hey, wait up.
What was that?
What was what?
"professionally"?
Hey, you still haven't
Told 'em about us?
It's none
Of their business.
Where do you tell them
You go every weekend?
I don't.
Wait. So are-are you
Ashamed or something?
What? No. No.
It's just
In this team,
Everyone Knows
everything About everyone.
There's no privacy.
My personal life is
One less thing
They can profile,
All right?
We should Get up there. Yeah.
Wouldn't want your team To
think something's up, Would we?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Please don't Do this, ok?
You realize that This is
gonna happen Every now and then
When our career paths
Cross, right?
Doesn't make it
Any less awkward.
Wow. Never realized
How much awkward
Could sound like ashamed.
Lopez: this is Everything we
recovered From paul hayes' hotel room.
It's all been processed, So don't
worry about Touching anything.
Thank you.
I'm gonna take The skinny kid
and derek To the dumpsites,
So i got my cell,
Radio.
If anyone doesn't give you
Anything, just call me.
Great.
She did say
She wasn't good at names.
Remembered derek.
Wonder how
She'll describe us.
Oh, i am sure i
Don't want to know.
Oh, it's always sad Seeing
someone's Life reduced
To the things They had
with them When they died.
It's just so clear
They didn't know
How short
Their time would be.
Odd.
Odd?
His wife reported
That he'd been down here
Almost a week
On business.
Yet he never wore any
Of the suits he packed.
Hmm, and there
Are appointments
Going back 6 months
In his p. d.a.,
But nothing is Listed
for the week He was here.
Hayes was wearing Running
clothes When he was killed.
Who takes off
Their wedding ring to jog?
Yeah.
That's him.
That's charlie luvet.
Woman: we had to i. d. More than
the photo Before we could ship him.
You're not family, But i
can cut through The red tape.
Thank you.
If you need help
Making arrangements,
Uh, liaising with families
Is part of what i do.
I might just
Take you up on that.
Excuse me.
I'll be outside.
Paul hayes was found
In a dumpster over there.
Hey, i think these guys
Knew the unsub.
What makes you
Say that?
Where you're A fish out of
water, You look to the locals
For where to eat,
Where to shop.
What path to run. Yeah.
Why would he kill them
And then risk dragging
Their body across the beach?
He wouldn't. They were already Out here.
So they've already
Dusted for prints.
I sure would feel better If
we found his gun And shield.
I'm thinking if somebody
Tried to grab him up here,
He might have left them
Behind, you know?
Charlie left the hotel
Voluntarily.
What makes you
Say that?
'Cause we'd know If the
valet had His car downstairs.
This is a receipt For a
mercury sable He rented.
You know, Most rental
cars have Locators in 'em.
I'll call garcia, See if she can
find out Where it is right now.
Don't.
Standing in
My dead partner's room,
And you think I'm in the
mood For grab-ass, huh?
What's that?
Plastic i. d. Bracelet.
11257 on it.
I'm guessing
It's for the regatta.
Hey, i'm sorry.
Mi puo indicare
Il fegato
Sulla cartina?
You just asked me To show you
where Your liver is on a map.
Did i?
Pretty sure
"il fegato" is liver.
Oh, try this one.
"vorrei una camera
Con letto matrimoniale. "
Hmm, what
Does that mean?
"i'd like to book
A room with a double bed. "
Oh, jinkies,
Even lechery sounds
Better in italian.
Buon giorno,
Signor hotchner.
You are correct.
Most rentals do have
A locator system in them.
Got it.
I'm sure I can have this
car Located in a jiff.
Prego.
All clear, detective.
Thanks, guys.
This garcia girl
Of yours is good.
That's
An understatement
Hey, you can't go Wrong with
a latina At the controls.
Yeah. That's my girl,
But, uh, she's not nearly
As latino
As the name sounds.
If i'm gonna
Kill someone,
Taking them out on A boat
would give me The most privacy.
Then there's Harbor
masters And videotapes,
But that's-i mean, That
will take weeks To get back,
And we don't have
Weeks, right?
No, we sure don't. You
got the keys, Don't you?
Oh, yeah. Go ahead And start it up.
Well, there is one good thing About
these victims Being on vacation.
When you're alone
In a strange place,
You got a rent-a-car,
What's the one thing
That you need?
A g. p.s.
That's right.
Normally, when you
Return these things,
They wipe
This stuff clean,
So that right there
Has to be the last place
Charlie needed to go.
Really?
What, you know it?
That's not possible.
Come on. I think i would
know If there's a regatta
Happening this weekend
At my own club.
Our regatta is held
In september.
But he said-
And i'm sorry,
But we wouldn't use A plastic
bracelet like This for participants.
Our entry fee
Is $10,000.
Good luck.
You're sure
That's what he said?
Comes here
Every year for it.
It's what he does
On his annual furlough.
Morgan.
Yeah. I just Got an address
out of Charlie luvet's rental.
It's to a bar
In south beach-
11257 palm drive.
It's a gay bar, hotch.
I don't think Charlie
luvet was Ever out here
To meet friends
For a race.
We'll have to rethink
Our victimology.
Better watch yourself
In the sun.
You know what they say. All
the exposure Can kill you.
Suntan to death.
Well, i guess there's
Worse ways to die.
As someone with
Firsthand experience,
I can tell you
That is true.
Firsthand experience?
Yeah. I'm a police
officer In new orleans.
A cop. Really?
Well,
That's impressive.
Where are you from?
Texas.
Well, you know, They say
things Are bigger there.
Oh.
Well, i don't know
Anything about that, officer,
But, um, how about I buy you a
drink, And we can talk about it?
You're not here With anyone? Nope.
Came down to miami
All by my lonesome.
Look at that.
Me, too.
I'm deac.
Charlie.
Name's charlie-
Charlie luvet.
For you.
Oh, thank you.
You read my mind.
I don't understand How it can
be this dry When it's this humid.
Mmm.
Sweat All your fluids Out outside
And then come Into
bone-dry Air conditioning.
Well, then if i could Just hook
this up To an i. v., then...
At least we have
Something fun To look at,
Keep us on our toes.
What do you mean?
Lamontagne.
You think so, huh?
Don't you?
Yeah. I guess he's-
He has a thing.
Definitely a thing.
Detective, is that
The case file?
Yeah.
Thanks.
How'd i not know
Charlie was gay?
Because he didn't
Want you to know.
Flew hundreds of miles
Just to be someone else.
No. He flew hundreds
Of miles to be himself.
What do i tell
His fiancée?
The truth.
Lopez: all right,
Everybody. Listen up.
The fbi has a profile
Of our guy.
Ok. We want to stress
What we're about to present
Is just
A preliminary profile.
There may be
A time restraint here,
So we just wanted
To give you what we have now.
Our technical analyst,
Penelope garcia, Will start off
By talking About the 4
remaining Victims still missing.
2 of them
Disappeared
On the same day
A few months ago,
And then the third
And the fourth went missing
Within the last 4 weeks.
We think the unsub
Is targeting these guys
On their travels.
Yeah, and then when
The befriending happens,
Whoosh, they vanish. However it
looks like There's a connection
Between our current Victims and
the men That are still missing.
See, 2 of Those 4 missing
men Were totally out,
Openly gay
When they disappeared.
I saw one of them
On socialcrib. net.
That's
A social networking site.
It had a photo
With his boyfriend.
Assuming The 4 missing
men are Meeting the same unsub,
It means he's killing
Almost weekly,
Which also means He may have
already Chosen his next victim.
Prentiss: what we need Is more
information On the movements
Of our victims
Before they met the unsub.
We have 3 confirmed victims
And 4 possibles.
Some of our other colleagues
Are out in the community now
Trying to see if anyone Remembers
anything About these men.
It's also not just The fact that
our victims Were traveling alone
That left them vulnerable
To the unsub.
We believe they may have Been looking
specifically To meet other men.
Based on the ages
Of the victims,
We're looking For an offender
In his mid to late 20s.
He's familiar
With the area,
And he may be Offering
assistance To those who are not.
Prentiss: he studies
His victims' habits.
He learns
How to gain their trust.
This unsub is charming,
Charismatic, intelligent.
We assume he frequents
Gay establishments,
But he may also work at one.
And, Given the
technique With which he kills,
He may have had prior
Defense tactic training.
He may be a member
Of the military
Or recently discharged.
He steals their possessions,
But he doesn't pawn a thing.
And the fact that
He's targeting gay men
May mean that
This is a hate crime
And/or the unsub May be
struggling With his own sexuality.
Hey,
Loosen up, baby.
Come on. You can
Have a little fun.
Maybe-maybe you
Need another shot.
You know, i'll be right back.
Whoa, whoa.
Wait. Wait. Was it
Something i said?
Nah. Nah, cher.
Then-then what's wrong?
Nothing.
I just need
To get some air.
Just a little time, And i'll
have some Answers for you.
The best thing
That you can know
Is that he loved you
Very much.
All right.
Good night.
Hey.
Well...
Sure is warm
In the bayou,
But at least It cools
down some At night.
Heh. Well, you leaving?
Yeah. I'm-i'm beat.
Without
Saying good-bye?
I didn't know
Where you were.
Did you look?
Should i be worried?
I mean, it doesn't take
A profiler to see
That you got One foot out
the door In this relationship.
Could you just please
Keep your voice down?
I don't care
If they hear us.
Hey, yo,
I'm crazy about her.
You know, i-
I don't have a problem
With people
Knowing about it.
Well, i do.
Why?
Just because,
All right?
It's-all right,
It's my business.
Are you ashamed
Of this?
No.
Did i offend you?
I say Something wrong? No.
You seeing Another guy? No.
You want to see Another guy? No.
You want to break up?
Y-
Y- you do?
Yeah.
Ok.
We're supposed To hop on a
plane Every weekend forever?
And neither one of us
Is willing to relocate, so-
When did we have
That discussion?
Well, do you?
Maybe.
You want to give up
Your career in new orleans
So you can live
In quantico, virginia?
Well, i'd at least like
To have that option.
You know, look, j. j.
All i'm looking for here
Is an acknowledgement
To your friends
That you care about me.
Why? Why is that
So important to you?
Why?
Have a good night, j. j.
Will...
Look at me.
I'm breaking the law
With a cop.
I wouldn't
Announce that.
Mmm!
I'm a bad, bad boy.
I'm a badass.
Hee hee hoo!
Does that mean You're
gonna have To handcuff me?
'Cause you can Handcuff me, If you want.
Shut up.
Are you a dirty cop,
Huh?
'Cause i like dirty.
Is that what you want?
You like dirty...
What are you doing?
My cop from new orleans?
'Cause i can do dirty.
That what you want?
Shut up and listen
To yourself.
You're disgusting.
You're filthy.
Jeez...
Ohh...
Sorry, cher. I-
I didn't hurt you,
Did i, cher? I'm sorry.
I thought you left.
You said in the profile That the
unsub was Targeting gay males,
Possibly due
To his struggles
With his own sexuality, Right? Right.
Well, what if the reason
Luvet let his guard down
Was because he could
Finally be who he is-
No-no judgments,
No fear.
What if the unsub Is seeing
a freedom In his victims
That he wishes
He had himself?
Oh, that really hurt.
"that really hurt. "
That ain't funny.
"that ain't funny. "
What are you doing? What,
are you making fun Of me now?
No, no, cher.
I'm not making fun
Of you.
Hey, hey, i'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
For which thing?
For this.
Ugh!
You can take him away.
What have we got?
Male,
The same age range,
And we found
Luvet's police badge
About a half a block
From here.
So the unsub either
Ditched it or dropped it
When he was getting away.
Any sign of luvet's gun?
No.
He may be
Holding on to that.
Why would he kill
Out on the open like this?
He's losing control
Emotionally.
He could be
Devolving.
Leaving the body
Out in plain sight?
It's-it's off pattern.
Lopez: he was
Interrupted.
Who interrupted him?
Bring him over.
Busboy from the bar.
Mijito, these are The fbi
people That i told you about,
So just tell them
Everything you saw.
All right. Well,
I came out here
On my break
To have a smoke,
And that guy was On the
ground, and His friend said-
His friend?
Yeah. His friend Said that
they had Just been mugged.
You spoke to this guy?
No, ma'am. I tried.
But he did say
That he was a cop.
So he took off, and he
Chased after those guys.
Could you give A description
of this cop To a sketch artist?
No. I can't.
I mean, he was A white guy,
but it was Pretty dark out here,
And he basically Kept running
away From me the whole time.
I'm gonna have to get
All your information.
Yeah, sure.
Just come with me.
So this guy is
Impersonating luvet?
Could just be a ruse
He used to get away.
But if he is Impersonating
His victims, why?
Transference.
Whatever he sees
In his victims,
He wants
For himself.
He hates
Who he is.
He's targeting
Tourists
Because he sees them As
living a kind Of lie, too.
Could be suffering
From cluster "b. "
Cluster "b"?
A cluster of
Personality disorders.
It's also called The erratic,
dramatic Emotional cluster,
An enduring pattern Of
inner experience And behavior
That differentiates Itself
markedly from The expectations
Of the individual's
Culture.
It manifests itself-
This guy's a sick dude.
Prentiss: but something Triggers
his constant Need to escape.
It could be
Drugs, sex,
Something that makes him
Feel vulnerable.
And he can't Allow
himself The vulnerability.
Escape into the fantasy Protects him
from ever Having to look at himself.
You know, If the
unsub lives In their skin,
Odds are, He's living
in Their hotel rooms.
Any i. d.
On the body?
Medical examiner:
No wallet, nothing.
It might have dropped.
They're searching now.
You're not gonna
Find anything.
We need to roll
The prints and run 'em.
We need to figure out Who he
is and where He was staying.
Prints belong To deacon
rogers, Odessa, texas.
He's got a couple
Of minor arrests-
One for
Marijuana possession
And one for lewd behavior,
Which i'm guessing is code
For gay in texas.
His credit card Shows him
staying At a south beach hotel.
Lopez: it's open.
Clear.
Boy, he tore through
This place in a hurry.
What was he
Looking for?
Identity, Anything to possess A new one.
He thinks there's A witness
out there Who can i. d. Him.
It's not about fulfilling
His need anymore.
It's about
His own survival.
How does he escape?
I'm gonna find out If
deacon rogers Had a car here.
I can pay you
Gas money.
Aw, hell, who cares
About that, boy?
Just obliged To have
someone Along for the ride.
The sun out here
Is really dangerous.
Dangerous, huh?
Where you from?
Germany.
Can you Say that again
- "dangerous"?
Dangerous.
"dangerous. " yeah.
Lopez: think we
Missed something?
I don't know.
Forensics pulled hair
From the sink,
But it'll be days
Before we get results.
We don't have
That kind of time.
The unsub can't
Follow his pattern.
He thinks There might
have been A witness,
So he's gonna need To change
identities Sooner than usual.
What if he can't?
What do you mean?
We're predicting that The unsub may
take another Life in the next 24 hours
Because there was a witness
Who saw him.
Remember what garcia said,
That specific paradigm-
2 victims in one day?
That occurred
One other time.
The first 2 men disappeared
On the same day.
Because somebody might
Have seen something
That threatened The
unsub with Getting caught?
It's worth profiling.
Steven fitzgerald First
went missing 2 months ago,
Took a bus to miami
From oakland park,
Which is
Just up the highway,
Never seen again.
Robert feeney flew
In for a wedding
But never arrived
At his hotel.
We need to get
Back in these files,
Question
Both families.
Somewhere along the way,
Their paths May have crossed.
There's a case
We're working on
Which may be connected To
your son's Disappearance.
Is that right?
Unfortunately,
It's a murder case, sir.
Someone is attacking men
Who are traveling alone.
This man's
Attacking homosexuals.
Can you confirm that
Your son steven is gay?
Why, i know he was Confused
about his Sexual orientation.
How do you mean,
Confused?
There were A number of
issues He needed to sort out.
Was there
A friend in miami
Steven was going
To see?
No. He didn't
Have many friends,
Pretty much
Kept to himself.
So once he got on the bus,
You never heard from him.
No.
You seem resigned
To this fact.
Wherever steven is, i trust
It's a better place for him.
Well, that's A remarkable
kind Of strength.
That's because of My personal
relationship With the lord.
He gives me my strength
And my guidance.
And you apply That philosophy
To your job, as well?
Well, a prison guard depends
On his instincts,
His skills,
And his strength.
Otherwise, we'd get
Ourselves killed.
My faith
Is my personal code.
Defense tactics classes
Are required
For all employees
At the prison, right?
Once he got to the motel,
He was supposed to call.
But he never did.
Every time
That phone rings-
I know in my heart That
steven Was happy that day.
I swear, It was the first time
I'd seen him smile in years.
He'd been talking about
Taking that trip for weeks.
Sarah, you don't have To justify
your brother Getting on that bus.
Yes...
I do, 'cause...
It was my fault.
Did steven follow
In your footsteps?
Did he look to god for
Strength and guidance?
My troubles with steven
Has-they have Nothing
to do With my-my faith.
We belong to
A very tolerant church,
Sometimes too tolerant,
And they teach
That god loves everyone,
Despite their failings.
And you saw Steven's
homosexuality As a failing.
I'm a prison guard.
I mean, you know
How many times
I've walked in
On men together?
Had to physically Pull
them apart? It was filthy.
Oh, it's filthy.
I think he just wanted
To do it to piss me off.
You think your son's Sexuality
was a way To anger you?
I was trying to save him.
From what?
From himself.
Why would
You say that?
Because i gave steven
The money to go to miami.
Why?
I was trying to help him
To-to go somewhere else,
Somewhere
He could feel safe.
Safe from what?
What are you
Looking for, sarah?
You afraid somebody's
Gonna hear you?
Who were you protecting
Your brother from,
Your father?
Was your father
Hurting steven?
He-he really believes
He was doing what's right.
So he did throw him
Around a little bit.
They just
- They didn't see Eye to eye.
Steven couldn't
Stay here anymore,
And-and i had to
Help him get out.
Is your father
Hurting you, too?
Never.
How come?
Because she's not
The one who's gay.
And how were you
Trying to help him?
I've been a guard
For 20 years.
I know a little Something
about Disciplining somebody.
So, what,
You thought
You could Beat homosexuality Out of him,
I don't like your tone.
Threatening this boy With tactics
you use On hardened criminals?
Threatening him
With his own life?
I was teaching him
How to be a man.
No. You were teaching him
How to kill one.
You convinced him
He was worthless,
Contemptible for
Being who he was,
And he believed you,
So he found a way
To become Someone else, Anyone else.
Steven isn't missing, sir. He's
the offender We're looking for.
10-4. Send that information
To my office.
Texas plates.
Deacon rogers
Never rented a car.
He drove here from texas
In this.
Put it out as a bolo.
Agent hotchner
Is taking statements
From the family
Of steven fitzgerald.
He might be our unsub.
Seriously?
It's an unusual
Household.
We've had his picture
This whole time?
Apparently.
Didn't know soon enough
To prevent this.
One set Of tire tracks in, Nothing out.
Lopez: yeah, i noticed.
County spotted the vehicle
20 minutes ago just as-is.
Asphyxiated?
Heh.
Why mess with a good thing?
It's clearly working For him.
This stretch of road
Takes you out of the city.
If we lose steven now, It could take
us months To catch up with him again.
May i?
Knock yourself out.
What is it?
Some kind
Of scraps of paper.
Looks like
A fast-food wrapper.
It's a receipt
For a youth hostel.
It's dated
Last night.
The name On it is, uh, Michael aldridge.
From the looks
Of his sunburn,
It's a good guess This
young man Was hitchhiking.
Assuming steven's taken over
Michael's identity,
He might've hitched
A ride out of here.
He didn't drive?
Not if michael didn't.
He's not becoming His victims
by choice. It's his illness.
He'd have to travel
The exact same way.
Hostels.
There's a few hostels
In north miami beach,
4 miles that way, And
in seneca, 5 miles west.
Ok. We'll
Have to split up.
We'll take seneca. You
take North miami beach.
Uh, michael aldridge
Checked in an hour ago.
What room
Did you put him in?
It's like a day room
Kind of thing,
Like a dormitory.
A dormitory
Full of kids?
Uh, it's pretty full.
Lopez, slow down.
The rest of my team Is on
their way. We should wait.
Look. I got a nut With a
gun in A hostel full of kids.
If you want
To wait, wait.
Let's go.
Get them
Out of here.
Fbi. Nobody move.
Nobody panic.
Lopez: looking
For steven fitzgerald.
You two, go. Get out
of here. Go. All right.
Looking for steven,
Steven fitzgerald.
Lopez: steven?
All of you, Get out of here.
Go. Now. Move. Let's go.
Now. Let's go.
Steven?
don't.
Lopez: you, out.
Lopez: steven!
Michael?
Michael aldridge?
Michael.
yes?
What-what is this?
What do you want?
I want you to put
That bag down.
I just want
To talk to you.
But i-i have done nothing.
I didn't do anything.
I know. I know.
There's nothing in that
Bag you need, michael.
Just want
Some information.
I need to find steven.
My-my name is michael.
I do not know steven.
Yes, you do. Yes, you do.
No. I don't know steven.
Yes, you do. Yes, you
do. You know where he is.
No. I don't know steven!
I don't know steven!
Why do you want steven?!
Steven is stupid.
He's-he's disgusting!
He's filthy!
Steven is filthy!
Steven, listen to me.
Nothing is wrong
With you.
Nothing, man.
Look.
I'm gonna show you.
Stay with me, ok?
I'm gonna Put this away. Derek...
Derek... Steven, Look at me.
Look right at me.
Steven, Do you remember Who sarah is?
Hmm?
Sarah is
Your sister.
Sarah is worried
About you, man.
My sister?
Yeah.
Your sister sarah.
Steven,
She loves you.
She wants you
To stop running.
Sarah.
Yeah.
Steven, it's ok.
Put that bag down.
I didn't do
Anything wrong.
I believe you.
Did nothing wrong.
I didn't do
Anything wrong.
It's ok. It's ok.
I didn't do Anything wrong. It's ok.
I got to do this.
You have to tell him That i didn't
do anything With those other guys.
I never did.
I will.
Steven, i promise you,
I will tell him.
I didn't do anything.
Let's go. Let's go.
Scary.
Yeah.
I was pretty sure He
wasn't gonna Try anything.
Pretty sure, huh?
Well, let's call it
An educated guess.
Hey, zig, bag this
For evidence.
You like it here, huh?
South beach?
Come on.
What's not to like?
I mean, if i'm not
On duty, of course.
Anytime you're free,
I can introduce you
To the real south beach,
Stuff we locals like
To keep to ourselves.
You think you can show
Me a good time, huh?
You look like mojitos,
Cuban food, brazilian jazz.
That's not bad.
Call it
An educated guess.
Come on down, papi.
I'll take
Good care of you.
I'll hold you to that.
Morgan,
You couldn't wait?
This one's on me, hotch.
I didn't think
We had enough time.
Detective lopez signed this
Into your custody.
Thank you.
I still
Can't believe it.
That charlie was gay?
No, that he thought
He couldn't tell me.
That he thought
He had to hide it.
I mean, i can't think Of
anything i'd have Cared less about
Than him being gay,
You know,
Well,
He was my friend,
And i loved him,
And all i ever would've Wanted
was for him To be happy, you know?
Take care
Of yourself, J.J.
You should Go for him. What?
You'd make
A cute couple.
You know what?
Hey, will.
It's not that i didn't
Want them to know.
Ok, i-i don't care About that.
It's not About the relocating.
It's not about traveling On
the weekends Or some guy. It's-
I- i didn't want
To tell anyone,
Because the minute
I- i do,
It becomes-
It becomes real,
And when It becomes
real, People get hurt,
And i've-well, i've Always run
from getting Hurt, always, and-
I don't want
To run anymore,
Not from you, and-
Just shut up.
Well, finally.
Mm.
I thought she was
Never gonna admit it.
Yeah. What's it been,
Like, a year?
Yeah, something
Like that.
"if we knew
Each other's secrets,
What comforts
We should find. "
John churton collins.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org